chore: add learning bootcamp call to action (#202)
jina-ai/docarray: README.md

<!-- start support-pitch -->
## Support

> - Checkout the [Learning Bootcamp](https://learn.jina.ai) to get started with DocArray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out the [Learning Bootcamp](https://learn.jina.ai) to get started with DocArray.
```

You checkout a git branch
You check out a cool article
